# UTM-Tracker-for-Web-Forms
<h1>UTM Tracker for Web Forms</h1>
<p>Capture, track, and analyze your website's marketing campaign performance seamlessly with our UTM Tracker. This lightweight JavaScript solution auto-fills hidden form fields with UTM parameters, ensuring that every lead you capture is tagged with valuable campaign data. This not only helps in measuring the effectiveness of your campaigns but also provides insights to fine-tune your marketing strategies.</p><h2>Features:</h2><ul><li><strong>Automatic UTM Parameter Capture:</strong> The script fetches UTM parameters (if present) from the URL and auto-fills into your web form.</li><li><strong>Enhance Your Marketing Analytics:</strong> By collecting UTM data, gain a deeper understanding of where your traffic and conversions are coming from.</li><li><strong>Lightweight:</strong> The code is lightweight and does not affect the performance of your website.</li><li><strong>SEO Benefits:</strong> By understanding the source and medium of your traffic, you can optimize your content and marketing strategies for better search engine visibility.</li></ul><h2>Installation:</h2><ol><li>Copy the provided script.</li><li>Add hidden input fields in your form with relevant IDs. For instance, for UTM source, the input field should have an ID <code>LEADCF38</code>.</li><li>Paste the script just before the closing <code>&lt;/body&gt;</code> tag on the pages where your form exists.</li><li>Ensure the form page URL contains the UTM parameters. When a user visits the page, the script will automatically fetch and populate the form's hidden fields with the UTM values.</li></ol><h2>Usage:</h2><p>Once installed:</p><ol><li>Run marketing campaigns with UTM parameters in the URLs.</li><li>When users land on your site using the campaign URLs and fill out the form, the UTM data gets captured in the form's hidden fields.</li><li>Use this data in your analytics tools to measure the performance of different campaigns.</li></ol><h2>Contribution:</h2><p>Are you a developer? Help us make this script better! Fork this repository, make your enhancements, and submit a pull request.</p><h2>License:</h2><p>This code is available under the <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT" target="_new">MIT License</a>.</p><hr><p>You can save this content to a <code>README.md</code> file in the root directory of your GitHub repository. This README will provide visitors with insights about the significance and usage of your UTM tracker, enhancing its reach and appeal from an SEO standpoint.</p>


<p><strong>You can contact <a href="mailto:info@growthbx.com">info@growthbx.com</a> about Woocommerce and Wordpress developments, e-commerce and website building.</strong></p>

<p><strong>For more information about GrowthBX <a href="https://growthbx.com" rel="nofollow">https://growthbx.com</a></strong></p>
